ns-dpi: add signature downloader (#136)
NethServer/nethsecurity: packages/ns-dpi/README.md

```
netifyd -R -d -I br-lan -E eth1
```

## Supplementary signatures

By default, netifyd is equipped to detect around 430 protocols and applications. With the inclusion of
supplementary signatures, netifyd can extend its recognition capabilities to encompass over 1600 protocols and applications.

> Extra signatures are accessibile only from machine with a a valid Enterprise subscription.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extra signatures are accessible only from a machine with a valid subscription.
```
